Blog Post for v1.6.0 (#1127)
spiceai/docs: website/blog/releases/v1.6.0.md

Example `Spicepod.yml`:

```yaml
- from: kafka:orders_events
  name: orders
  acceleration:
    enabled: true
    refresh_mode: append
  params:
    kafka_bootstrap_servers: server:9092
```

Learn more in the [Kafka Data Connector documentation](https://spiceai.org/docs/components/data-connectors/kafka).

**MongoDB Data Connector**: Use `from: mongodb:<dataset>` to access and accelerate data stored in MongoDB, deployed on-premises or in the cloud.

Example `spicepod.yml`:

```yaml
datasets:
  - from: mongodb:my_dataset
    name: my_dataset
    params:
      mongodb_host: localhost
      mongodb_db: my_database
      mongodb_user: my_user
      mongodb_pass: password
```

Learn more in the [MongoDB Data Connector documentation](https://spiceai.org/docs/components/data-connectors/mongodb).

**OpenAI Responses API Support**: The OpenAI Responses API (`/v1/responses`) is now supported, which is OpenAI's most advanced interface for generating model responses.

> You can now make requests to any responses compatible model using the new `/v1/responses` endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**OpenAI Responses API Support**: The OpenAI Responses API (`/v1/responses`) is now supported, which is OpenAI's most advanced interface for generating model responses.

To enable the `/v1/responses` HTTP endpoint, set the `responses_api` parameter to `enabled`:

Example `spicepod.yml`:

```yaml
models:
  - name: openai_model_using_responses_api
    from: openai:gpt-4.1
    params:
      openai_api_key: ${ secrets:OPENAI_API_KEY }
      responses_api: enabled # Enable the /v1/responses endpoint for this model
```

You can now make requests to any responses compatible model using the new `/v1/responses` endpoint.
```
